Explain how to add InnerSource Stories in CONTRIBUTING.md (#686)
InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org: CONTRIBUTING.md

> * Follow the GitHub Guidelines on creating a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Follow the [GitHub Pull Request Guidelines](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) to create a pull request.
```

* Please be as descriptive as necessary in your PR.
* For i18n contributors, we recommend reading [the instructions on how it works](i18n.md).

## Adding "InnerSource Stories"

When adding a new organization on the [InnerSource Stories](https://innersourcecommons.org/stories/) page, please follow these steps:

* Provide some evidence of the use of InnerSource practices at the given organization. Optimally an online reference that you can link to.
* Get confirmation from the organization that they are happy to be listed on the Stories page.

> Here an [example PR](https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org/pull/683) demonstrating this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an [example PR](https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org/pull/683) demonstrating this. 
```
